README.md, before:

# StructTypes

[![CI](https://github.com/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl)
[![deps](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/deps.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue?t=2)
[![version](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/version.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue)
[![version](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/version.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue)

Package providing the `StructTypes.StructType` trait for Julia types to declare the kind of "struct" they are,
providing serialization/deserialization packages patterns and strategies to automatically construct objects. To
learn more, check out the documentation links below.

### Documentation

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://juliadata.github.io/StructTypes.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://juliadata.github.io/StructTypes.jl/dev)

Commit message:

Starting work on supporting unordered Struct

README.md, after:

# StructTypes

[![CI](https://github.com/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaData/StructTypes.jl)
[![deps](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/deps.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue?t=2)
[![version](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/version.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue)
[![version](https://juliahub.com/docs/StructTypes/version.svg)](https://juliahub.com/ui/Packages/StructTypes/yjnue)

Package providing the `StructTypes.StructType` trait for Julia types to declare the kind of "struct" they are,
providing serialization/deserialization packages patterns and strategies to automatically construct objects. To
learn more, check out the documentation links below.

**Installation**: at the Julia REPL, `import Pkg; Pkg.add("StructTypes")`

**Maintenance**: StructTypes is maintained collectively by the [JuliaData collaborators](https://github.com/orgs/JuliaData/people).
Responsiveness to pull requests and issues can vary, depending on the availability of key collaborators.

### Documentation

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://juliadata.github.io/StructTypes.jl/stable)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://juliadata.github.io/StructTypes.jl/dev)
